So now it's your turn,
I kinda have this little iPhone here.
And what I wanna do is not
have that happen, right?
I want my bottom bar to expand
along the left and right, top bar.
And I want these to either, your choice,
get to, I gave you two boxes for
a reason, keep in the center, but
maybe only horizontally, have it scale.
Try out some different options,
that's why I gave you two.
Hypothetically, if you
need some inspiration,
did you know that you can hide and
show layers?
There's a hidden layer with an implemented
version that you can go take a look at and
reverse engineer if you want.
Or you can kinda do it without
looking at the answer key first.
But spend about five minutes,
and take it for a spin and
see if you can get at least the top and
the bottom bar working.
And then try something that interests
you with the two kind of divs in
the middle here.
I guess rectangles, not divs, right?